h1. MakeTi

h2. How to start the project

Add the files from this repo to the root dir of your project and type one of the following in a terminal:

<pre>$ make run-iphone</pre>

_* To change the SDK version, change the TI_SDK_VERSION configuration in the bin/titanium.sh script._

To run the application on the iPad, type:

<pre>$ make clean && make run-ipad</pre>

To run the application on Android, type:

_* You must have android, applicable sdk versions, and at least one emulator device created and running._

<pre>$ make clean && make run-android</pre>

_* You just have to use "make clean" before the run command if you change the device type. If you're using the same device between executions, it's not necessary to execute "make clean" because it will force Titanium to re-compile the entire project again, which is considerably slow._


h2. How to install the Textmate bundle

1. Doubleclick on the **MakeTi.bundle** pack to install the bundle in Textmate

2. You will need to set in Textmate the **ENV["ANDROID_SDK_PATH"]** variable.
To do this go to _*Preferences->Advanced->Shell variables_, add a new variable named **ANDROID_SDK_PATH** and set the path to the location of your Android SDK. (in my case is /android-sdk-mac_x86).


h2. To-Do

- Build for device
  This should work by having 2 directories in the bin dir (dev and release) in this folder the user should place the provisioning profiles
  The shell script should look to these dir for the mobileprovisioning file to use. 
  By default it should build for dev, but a type flag should take a dev or release value.
  there should also be a provision flag that the value can point to any path if the user does not want to add to the project dir for some reason

- Dynamic build plugins

h2. License

Licensed under Apache Public License (Version 2).

Originally Developed by "Guilherme Chapiewski":http://guilherme.it. Extended and edited by "Matt Apperson":http://mattapperson.com.